1
welcome everybody to my presentation about Insulating zirconium oxide layers on steel. 
i will be giving a short update on how my internship has been going so far and what is still planed

2
my work is part of a project named Innovasteel4CIGS [sie ei dschi es]  which is a cooperation between the AIT and the Tyrol based company Sunplugged
CIGS stands for copper indium Gallium Selenide which is a type of solar cell
You can see the structure of a module at the bottom
one reactangle is one cell
The objective of this work is to produce an insulating layer on stainless steel from non-toxic materials which is scalable. 
The layer should be made of Al2O3, ZrO2 or a combination of these.
The application aim is to produce an insulation layer on top of a steel foil such that the CIGS cells can be made on top. 
It is important that the substrate is insulating because the cells in a CIGS module are connected in series, like in the sketch.
And if the substrate were conducting it wouldn't be possible to connect them in series

3
As a staring point we used this conference paper published in 2017 by Anwar and coworkers. 
It looked very promising as they produced ZrO2 layers on steel. 

4
The recipe was adapted by my predecessor Elif. 
We used Zirconium propoxide as precursor. 
Acetyleacetone is used as a chelate ligand to prevent crystallisation and isopropanol and water are used as solvents. 
The solution was then doctor bladed on glass in order that optical properties can be measured afterwards.
So i sought to optimize the recipe and did some research and found that following parameter can effect the layer resulting from a sol-gel process.
I varied the heating rate, the calcination temperature, the pH and added surfactant and of course I varied the volumes in the recipes.
So let me show you some results

5 
As you can see from the SEM images on the top, the film is very patchy, and there are cracks and after some time ZrO2 partially started to crystallize in solution. 
the picture on the bottom right side shows the results they got in the paper 
they said that the crack are due to inconsistency and impurities but i rather think it is because of their recipe.
bottom left granular structure is fluoride tin oxide to make it conducting to measure sem and conductivity
So after some research another paper was found.

6
This paper from Hu and coworkers describes a dense aluminium film
what is exactly what we want as we want it to be insulating
We then adapted the recipe for a zirconium layer. 
We used other solvents instead of ethoxyethanol and 1-Butanol proved the best.
again zr precursor 
Acetylacetone again has the role of chelating the zirconium. 
chelating reagent
And acetic acid was used as extra solvent. 
to lower the conc of zr

7
on the right hand side sem picture of layer from new recipe
The SEM results showed a very continuous and homogeneous layer in contrast to the first recipe. 
Both show a single layer

8
at the bottom of the picture
the zirconium layer can be seen 
spreading over the fluoride tin oxide layer 
what can be seen here is only a single layer 
with a thickness of approximately 25nm
This looks rather promising

9


The next step will be
make more layers to produce a thicker layer.
On top of the layer a contact shall be sputtered to test the dielectric properties such as current versus voltage and capacitance versus voltage graphs.
We will measure optical spectra of the layers 
and characterize the structure using X-R-D
Furthermore a machine learning algorithm will be created to optimize the process especially the production time.
We want to maximize the layer thickness with minimum production time



As you can see the concentration of the Zironium precursor is much lower. 


